## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/
- Clearly define who is doing what on the documentation
- DevOps
- Branch protection strategy/maintainer lists
- Propose our client-client specs as input of Solid work item(s)
- Define next meeting date: 19th 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @simonLouvet
- @jgaehring
- @RachL
- @lecoqlibre
- @imbrou

## Branch protection strategy/maintainer lists

Baptiste reviewed a change Garethe made on the standard, but the review couldn't count as a review that would lead to a merge. 

As we don't want to lower to 1 review only, decision has been made to create a standard maintainer team including everyone - Garethe will create the team.
    
## DevOps
    
Nicolas is a freelance devops (mostly for startups and non profits). He is still working out some admin stuff on his side, but he should soon be able to work and send invoices.
    
Maxime will give Nicolas the whole access to OVH both on the French instance and the international instance & GitHhub access on the taxonomies repo.
    
## Clearly define who is doing what on the documentation
    
Garethe, Maxime & Rachel to pick up offline

## Keycloak server stability (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/47)

Simon will link Garethe & Indie Hosters team to sort this out.

## Data capture (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)

PHP and type script version are on their way. TS can be found here: https://github.com/jgaehring/connector-codegen/compare/typescript...jgaehring:connector-codegen:capture
    
## Propose our client-client specs as input of Solid work item(s)
    
Maxime wants to propose our work to the Solid community: as a "Solid work item". The DFC standard could be used in the Solid community.
Also, the Solid community would review our work / give feedback.

If we propose a work item we need to talk about short food supply chains, not the agricultural data in general, as our ontology does not cover all agricultural practices.
Regarding farming activity in North america, the common farm convention is starting to become a standard (pickedup by the US Ag. department)
    
https://farmos.discourse.group/t/common-farm-convention-biweekly-community-call/1914
    
We can check farmOS Data Model, which may partly be an influence for the common farm convention here:
https://farmos.org/model/

DFC will need to sync with this standard / see how we are complementary.

DFC could also only be an input to a work item on more general client-client specs (on farm data, ERP systems, etc).

Everyone agreed Maxime should proceed with the work item proposal.

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
