## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/
- Define next meeting date: 14/01/2025 16:00 CET at kmeet.openfoodnetwork.org.uk/a21lzxqub3blbmzvb2ruzxr3b3jrlm9yzy51aw==-54itq

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @simonLouvet
- @imbrou
- @RachL

## DevOps

Validation of the new ShowVoc & VocBench instances (content + features + redirect )
- Current approach = ShowVoc API call to trigger RDF data loading from remote URL (to git repo RDF)
- Main is the source of truth for each project
- Who to add as reviewers => Baptiste, Simon, Garethe, Maxime & Garethe

The main repo is here: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/infra

it was set up as private, but Nicolas will turn it public.

- Sync is soon in PR:

Although a Vocbench process would need to create a feature branch & PR into nextTaxonomies branch. The merge to main is part of the release process.
Process: PR will be opened on github, once merged (to main), the sync. with showvoc will be triggered

- RDF format validation: next up, after sync.


Actions: 
- Create an export of vochbench and compare with github (garethe & Nicolas)
- Simon will have look at writing on showvoc, reading is working fine
- Create access to the other users (non admins)
- Give inputs on GitBook update (process or content)

## Issues with keycloak server

It seems strange thatthe server has a lot of DOS attacks given we don't see many registration, but Simon explains the link to the server is public and in many presentation.

## Jitsi server shutdown

OFN-UK are migrating to [kMeet](https://kmeet.openfoodnetwork.org.uk/). We will be shutting the current Jitsi server down at the end of this week. **Garethe** will set up a meeting link for the new server.


## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
