## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/
- New meeting notes process
- Keycloak issue

- Define next meeting date: Tuesday 22nd Oct, 16:00 CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @simonLouvet
- @jgaehring
- @RachL

## Document use cases (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/29)

Firs draft is ready for review! https://app.gitbook.com/o/-Le0Etb4lq-KsehsTpqK/s/KFr4nFIhsLHvlEW5tRai/use-cases 

## Data capture

Jamie and Garethe had a kickoff meeting. The work still needs to be broken down into small steps / milestones, but overall the target is to finish end of November.

## Keycloak issue (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/47)

Simon and Garethe talked on slack about an issue with keycloak. Simon has reached out to indiehoster (lescommuns's hosting provider for the keycloak instance). Garethe has opened issue [standard/47](https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/47) on the tech board so we don't loose track of it.

## New meeting notes process ( https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/.github/pull/37)

Proposal: we will use branch `projects/tech-meetings` in `.github` repository, and merge into `main` for review process. This requires fewer reviews (zero), so Rachel will not be blocked from  merging, also provides a stable link to the branch.

However this does not mean we stop reviewing notes: we keep doing PR and participants nee to approve.

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35

