## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- SHACKL SHAPE vs UML
- WebID
- Define next meeting date: July 22nd 4PM CET - LAST MEETING BEFORE AUGUST HIATUS

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @simonLouvet
- @RachL

## SHACL shape (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/34)

Maxime is proposing to use shacl shape instead of the current UML model.

Simon is concerned the UML model is well-known and some devs might miss it. Garethe is not too worried about this given most platforms don't use the UML version. However he sees some risk that we would need to mitigate before going forward, see https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/34#issuecomment-3049235379 for detalis.

## WebID and profile (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10)

Comments were made on gitbook during the meeting. Garethe and Simon will review again before next meeting. Gitbook is not keeping version history atm. Garethe will look into applying variants so we can keep record of versions. It still doesn't give the same power as github when reviewing comments and keeping change history. Garethe will also look into workarounds for this.

New issue opened for Garethe: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/56

There is an ongoing conversation about the release date here: https://datafoodconsortium.slack.com/archives/C5TGDHHRN/p1752051413696409

## Standard website (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/51)

The website is available here: https://dfc-standard.org/ See last comment for update: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/51#issuecomment-3052037888

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle. Convo is here https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/19

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
