## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- WebID
- Define next meeting date: June 24th 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @simonLouvet
- @RachL

## Observer & Data model submodule https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/30

Maxime has reviewed Jamie's PR. Waiting for his feedback

## WebID and profile (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10)

Maxime has shared his progress on his proposal. 2 main feedback were discussed: 
- is it possible for the user to avoid having to register himself on a new platform (the answer is yes, the paltform will create the account in the background).
- how shall the new webid be created, once a user wants to use a new platform

We will discuss again on the 24th and if we don't have time to conclude we need to set up a dedicated meeting.

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
