## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- TS Connector
- dfc-t enhancements to incorporate scopes 
- Define next meeting date: June 3rd 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @simonLouvet
- @jgaehring
- @RachL

## Data capture (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)

A new repo for the data capture was done here:

https://github.com/Food-Data-Collaboration/fdc-data-capture

Jamie created a new PR for the observer here: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/pull/31

Jamie and Garethe will publish the packages on npm using the DFC account.

## Enrichment of Auhorization with multi-language support (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/ontology/issues/183)

There is no clear understanding yet of how this would be used. So we decided that CoopCircuits will try this within the NGI project with Qu√©bec partners and report back. After that we can see if this is an evolution we want to make within the ontology.

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
