## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1

- Define next meeting date: April 1st 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @RachL
- @simonLouvet

## LDP containers

Our standard aims at using LDP containers, but so far no one has implemented it. There are different ways to do it. Maxime will start an issue to organize decision on best approach.

## TS connector upgrade (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-typescript/issues/14)

A question for Jamie: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-typescript/issues/14#issuecomment-2714736895

## Vocbench Github sync 

Nicolas' PR has been merged.

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
