## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- CoopCircuits' NGI project
- Define next meeting date: April 29th 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @RachL

## Logistics concepts (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/data-model-uml/issues/18)

WIP

## Data capture (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)

No recent updates from Jamie, we will try to contact him to see how he is doing

## Coopcircuits' NGI project

WIP

https://openteamag.gitlab.io/agricultural-data-wallet/designrecs/

https://www.figma.com/board/F6NashCtHiGrabBLvCrdVF/Discovery?node-id=96-541&p=f&t=lv1jzrYkcMtM3uYJ-0

https://protect.oeg.fi.upm.es/solid-consent/

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
