## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1

- Define next meeting date: February 25th 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @jgaehring
- @RachL
- @simonLouvet

## DFC Context issue

Backorders were not created on Shopify since Friday because Shopify was using the context from the connector. 55 orders were impacted, Garethe will do a post-mortem with users to understand why they were not notified.
We need to upgrade the connector to use : https://w3id.org/dfc/ontology/v1.14.0/context/context_1.14.0.json but more generally we need to use this everywhere:

- Ontology and taxonomy need to be updated and pre-release (Ontology team)
- Connectors need to be updated and pre-released (Jamie, Maxime, Maikel)
- Platforms need to test the pre-release (Garethe, Maikel)
- Once everything is ready, it needs to be release outside the sales windows from the FDC pilot

## TS connector upgrae (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-typescript/issues/14)

Yalla is going to start working on this next week, so we need to finish this issue this week.

## Data Capture (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)

Jamie had some issue installing Semapps locally, but it should work now.
Semapps wil be updated next month, issue: 

## Vocbench Github sync 

If there is budget left on previous FR/ADEME budget then yes let's go for this piece of work, otherwise we can postpone it, it's not the most urgent

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
