## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1

- Define next meeting date: February 11th 4PM CET

## Participants

- @lecoqlibre
- @jgaehring
- @RachL

## Data Capture (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)
- Jamie will create a new repository called "data-capture" in order to store packages for all 3 languages (PHP, TS & Ruby)
- Once this is done (next 2 weeks) he will need access to the DFC account on each store (npm, gems, composer)

## Devops

Maxime will have a look at Nicolas' issues in code review and provide feedback.

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
