## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- WebID
- Taxonomy and content negociation
- Define next meeting date: July 29nd 4PM CET - LAST MEETING BEFORE AUGUST HIATUS

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @simonLouvet
- @jgaehring
- @RachL

## Data capture (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)

Jaimie will look at updating his PR, as well as sorting the PHP version for the next 2 weeks.

## Standard website (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/51)

Garethe will migrate to FDC servers this Friday.

## WebID and profile (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10)

Discussion occured on making TypeIndex attached to dfc-b:Enterprise. We need to list all the usecase (e.g.: searching for orders). Rachel's notes are not great on this part, help was asked here: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10#issuecomment-3108668230

We are planning to use github PR to better track the discussion on this topic: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/60

Issue still opened for Garethe on using Gitbook's version: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/56

There is an ongoing conversation about the release date here: https://datafoodconsortium.slack.com/archives/C5TGDHHRN/p1752051413696409

## Allow to fetch taxonomies using content negotiation (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/57)

RDF is still useful for frameworks like Jena. 2 solutions were discussed:

- using `.htaccess` to rewrite rules in the w3id.org redirections.
- use a micro server to generate the files

The microserver needs to be maintained, so we would need to find a budget for this.

## Demo of the data sharing module CoopCircuits has built with Startinblox

this was postponed to next week's meeting.

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle. Convo is here https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/19

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
