## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- SHACKL SHAPE vs UML
- Versionning
- WebID
- Define next meeting date: July 8th 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @jgaehring
- @lecoqlibre
- @simonLouvet
- @RachL

## SHACL shape (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/34)

Maxime is proposing to use shacl shape instead of the current UML model.

We've discussed some pros and cons:

- Pros : The output is easier to read and we can replace Aceleo which isn't as easy to handle as we first thought
- Cons: we need to create and maintain a code generator. This has been evaluated at 5 days for the TypeScript generator only. We don't have this kind of budget yet

Actions: everyone should take a look at the proposal so we can discussed it next week?

## Communicate version of DFC Standard in response header (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/54)

While we wait for webid to be available, we need to be able to know which version is a platform using. we could use the context, but the context can be linked to what we've published on the standard website. In that case using the header can be a workaround in the meantime.

## WebID and profile (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10)

We've clarified that we can use the index to search for an enterprise without using the user. Using the user is only an additionnal option.

Action: Maxime is going to create a change request in gitbook for everyone to review

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: this needs an update from the ontology circle. Convo is here https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/19

- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
